Document repos.csv publishing per LST store and deprecate poll discovery (#915)
moderneinc/moderne-docs: docs/administrator-documentation/moderne-platform/how-to-guides/connector-configuration/configure-a-connector-with-artifactory-access.md

When your [repository CSV](./connector-config.md#step-5-configure-the-connector-to-find-your-repositories-and-their-lsts) does not include `publishUri` values, the Connector uses [Artifactory Query Language](https://www.jfrog.com/confluence/display/JFROG/Artifactory+Query+Language) (AQL) to discover LST locations in near real-time — within a minute or two of publishing. Even when your CSV already includes `publishUri` values, the credentials you configure here are still used to fetch LSTs from Artifactory.

:::warning[Deprecated]

> AQL-based discovery (`POLLING` mode) is deprecated. Instead, [publish your `repos.csv` alongside your LSTs](#publish-your-reposcsv-alongside-your-lsts) so that `mod publish` maintains a `repos-lock.csv` with `publishUri` values, and point the Connector at that file (`LOCK` mode). The poll configuration on this page is still used in `LOCK` mode, but only to supply the credentials the Connector needs to fetch LSTs from Artifactory.

Reviewer: Following this literally leaves the reader in `POLLING` mode.

`connector-variables.md:446` (and its duplicate at `:467`, neither touched here) says: "`AUTO` infers `POLLING` when any poll repository is configured and `LOCK` otherwise." `AUTO` is the default. So an admin who does exactly what this notice asks — keep the poll block "to supply the credentials", point the source at `repos-lock.csv` — silently stays on the deprecated path: `publishUri` values are ignored and AQL queries keep running. It breaks the day they delete the poll config or the indexer task they were told they no longer need.

Each of the notices needs to say to set the mode explicitly, e.g. "and set `MODERNE_CONNECTOR_ORGANIZATION_MODE=LOCK`, since the default `AUTO` infers `POLLING` whenever poll repositories are configured."

Same gap at `configure-a-connector-with-maven-repository-access.md:20`, `connector-config.md:372`, and `connector-variables.md:486` and `:558`. Only the unchanged `connector-config.md:375` mentions the setting, and only indirectly.

:::

:::info
If you're wanting to configure repositories for recipe artifacts, please see [Recipe marketplace repositories](./configure-recipe-marketplace-repositories.md) instead.
:::

> ## Publish your repos.csv alongside your LSTs

Reviewer: Minor structural point: this section lands before `## Prerequisites` (line 50). Every sibling guide in this directory puts Prerequisites first — `configure-a-connector-with-github.md:26`, `configure-a-connector-with-gitlab.md:22`, `configure-bitbucket-to-connector.md:19`, `configure-a-connector-with-llm-for-moddy.md:17`. Same in the S3 guide (new section at 21, Prerequisites at 39), where it's more acute: the section tells you to upload to the bucket, and the prerequisites listing the auth you need for that upload are below it.

The recommended setup keeps three things in the same Artifactory repository:

* The LST artifacts, uploaded by `mod publish`.
* Your input `repos.csv` (the repository list and organizational hierarchy that drives [mass ingest](../mass-ingest.md)), uploaded by you to the root of the repository.
* A central `repos-lock.csv`, maintained automatically by `mod publish` at the root of the repository.

> Each time `mod publish` runs, it looks for `repos.csv` at the root of the repository configured via `mod config lsts artifacts artifactory`. When present, it merges that input with the previous `repos-lock.csv` and the results of the current run, then writes the merged file back. This keeps the central `repos-lock.csv` complete and correctly organized even when ingestion is split across machines or a run only covers a subset of repositories. Without the input `repos.csv` in place, the lock file only accumulates whatever happened to be published, and repositories that failed to build (or have not built yet) are missing from it.

Reviewer: Two things on this line: `mod config lsts artifacts artifactory` is a subcommand group rather than a runnable command (the parallel Maven section correctly writes `... maven add`), and "Each time `mod publish` runs" overstates the merge — see the `published.get() != 0` guard I noted on the Maven guide.

```suggestion
Whenever a `mod publish` run publishes at least one LST, it looks for `repos.csv` at the root of the repository configured via `mod config lsts artifacts artifactory add`. When present, it merges that input with the previous `repos-lock.csv` and the results of the current run, then writes the merged file back.

This keeps the central `repos-lock.csv` complete and correctly organized even when ingestion is split across machines or a run only covers a subset of repositories. Without the input `repos.csv` in place, the lock file only accumulates whatever happened to be published, and repositories that failed to build (or have not built yet) are missing from it.
```

Upload the input file to the root of the repository:

```bash
curl -u "$ARTIFACTORY_USER:$ARTIFACTORY_PASSWORD" -T repos.csv \
  "https://myartifactory.example.com/artifactory/moderne-ingest/repos.csv"
```

`mod publish` then maintains the lock file at `https://myartifactory.example.com/artifactory/moderne-ingest/repos-lock.csv`. Point the Connector's organization source at that URL:

```bash

> -e MODERNE_ORGANIZATION_SOURCES_HTTP_0_URI=https://myartifactory.example.com/artifactory/moderne-ingest/repos-lock.csv \

Reviewer: Same dangling-backslash issue as the Maven guide: a bare `-e VAR=... \` with no `docker run` wrapper isn't runnable, and there's no Executable JAR tab. Worth matching the `<Tabs groupId="agent-type">` pattern used everywhere else in this file (see lines 84-97).
